What is Bias?
Sol: Bias is an error in a machine learning algorithm, it occurs when the algorithm has limited flexibility to deduce the correct observation from the dataset.
 
Q1. What do you understand about Inferential Statistics?
Sol: Machine learning is the form of Artificial Intelligence that deals with system programming and automates data analysis to 
enable computers to learn and act through experiences without being explicitly programmed.

Q63. What is cherry-picking, P-hacking?
Sol: Cherry-picking can be defined as the practice in statistics where only that information is selected which supports
a certain claim and ignores any other claim that refutes the desired conclusion.

Q3. What is Mean?
Sol: Mean is the average of a collection of values. We can calculate the mean by dividing the sum of all observations by the number of observations.

Q4. What is a Sample?
Sol:  A sample is a finite subset of the population that is selected to represent the entire group. 
A sample is usually selected because the population is too large or costly to study in its entirety.

Q5. What do you understand by Population?
Sol: A population represents the entirety of all items that are being studied.

Q6. What is the difference between inferential and descriptive statistics?
Sol:  Descriptive statistics describes some sample or population. 
      Inferential statistics attempt to infer from some sample to the larger population.

Q7.  What are quantitative and qualitative data?
Sol: Quantitative data are measures of values or counts and are expressed as numbers. 
     Quantitative data refers to numerical data (e.g., how many, how much, or how often).

Q8. What are the different types of Sampling in Statistics?
Sol: Different types of sampling are as follows:
1.	Simple random sampling
2.	Cluster sampling
3.	Stratified sampling
4.	Systematic sampling

Q9.  What is the meaning of selection bias?
Sol: Selection bias is a phenomenon that involves the selection of individual or grouped data in a way that is not considered to be random.

Q12. What are the types of selection bias in statistics?
 Sol: There are many types of selection bias as shown below:
1.	Observer selection
2.	Attrition
3.	Protopathic bias
4.	Time intervals
5.	Sampling bias

Q10. What is Bias?
Sol: Bias is an error in a machine learning algorithm, it occurs when the algorithm has limited flexibility to deduce the correct observation from the dataset.

